Rn entry 2021.05.2 (#2139) (#2144)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2021/index.md

## May

### Weekly Release 2021.05.2

| Change                                                                                              | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Bugs fixed in 2021.05.2](#bugs-fixed-in-2021-05-2)         | May 19, 2021           |

#### Bugs fixed in 2021.05.2

* When a user was enrolled with SMS or Call factors and an additional or retry [API call](/docs/reference/api/factors) was made within 30 seconds of enrollment, the response included multiple rate limit headers. (OKTA-379654)

* When [OIDC apps](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/#register-new-client) were created concurrently, some apps were created in a deactivated state. (OKTA-384407)

> * The [Client Credentials Flow](/docs/guides/customize-authz-server/overview/) could not implement a custom claim named `scope`. (OKTA-389874)

Reviewer: Please check the Client Credentials Flow link?
```suggestion
* The [Client Credentials Flow](/docs/guides/implement-client-creds/overview/) could not implement a custom claim named `scope`. (OKTA-389874)
```

Author: Thanks, Van. Ultimately, you are redirected to the Create an Authorization Server Guide / Create Scopes section for instructions; however, could be a little confusing. Will commit your suggestion. Thanks!
